hi so I have a new bag no this is not
the drew bag bye Chloe even though that
is beautiful and definitely on my list
this is from her 21 and yes it does bear
a striking resemblance to that bag which
is what drew me to it huh what drew me
to it get it get it oh I'm on a roll
today anyway I got this for $30 at
forever 21 and I started seeing it
everywhere on Instagram like the day I
got it it just I was like oh I thought I
was being really clever and like I don't
know being being unique and then there
it was everywhere on Instagram anyway
$30 it comes in three colors but I find
the camel leather looks the most
expensive in terms of like fake faux
leather plastic leather yeah so this is
a small bag for me and I got it mostly
well one because I loved the look of it
but also because in the summertime I
don't want to be fussing around with
huge bags so enter this lovely small
crossbody
I'm having a moment with like crossbody
bags with long long straps I'm having a
moment so you'll have to bear with me
you'll be seeing a lot of bags like that
so yeah this was 30 bucks very cute and
it opens like this
so this is what it looks like inside
it's very compact and very small so it
had to really pare down what I carry in
here which is very different for me I'm
used to larger bags anyway so the first
thing that's on the top here that it's
basically all you can see is my
sunglasses case now this does take up a
considerable amount of room in here
I don't always carry this with me in
here but I wanted to show you show you
it in there because the majority of the
time yes business in my purse
real-life stories of what's in my purse
like reality show right now true life I
carry these prescription sunglasses with
me everywhere these are Warby Parker
they are the Crossfield in jet silver I
can't see with our glasses so I need to
carry these with me now if I'm going
somewhere where I can leave these in the
car then I'll put them in my purse and
I'll just carry them and that would
leave a considerable amount of space in
my purse for other things like
additional lip products that kind of
thing or my ultra bomb or whatever but
most of the time I'm carrying this in my
purse so I wanted to be real with you
guys and show you that
so I'm lop here and then I'm going to
show you what else is in here so there
are two interior pockets in here I don't
find this to be all that useful because
neither neither of them fit my phone
properly one of them and like it sticks
at the top and the other one wanted to
fit inside there so I'm not really sure
I don't find it all that useful well one
of them I have like a bunch of change in
it like the one that's supposed to be
the phone case for the phone pouch or
hook it I just have
like a bunch of quarters and stuff for
parking meters and you know that kind of
thing so that I have my wallet which is
the equine purse from Utah and then I
have my trusty Wet Ones antibacterial
wipes can't leave the houses at these
and then I have my phone my
aforementioned phone so I'm gonna put it
off I'm gonna put it in the thing for
you just so you can see so this is my
phone in the phone pocket and then in
this other pocket that's right here like
it's too long it won't fit in there
either okay I can't even I can't get it
in there and then again if I put it this
way it's like hey I don't think so that
is a bit of a fail but it's not that
this bag is huge something my phone is
like freestyling it inside the bag it's
fine I don't really care but it's just
kind of annoying to have two pockets in
there that are basically useless then I
have a couple of lip products I have my
jack black lip balm in natural mint and
then I have my MAC lipstick in fo which
is new or new to me at least it's just
kind of cool and then I have some change
some more chains a couple of quarters
just the bottom that I have my drugs I
lactose pills and a Tylenol and that's
it that's basically everything that I
can fit comfortably in here so the
sunglasses case does take up about half
of the space in here so that's something
to keep in mind if you're interested in
this if you have to carry enormous
sunglass cases around to you but
otherwise I think it fits my essentials
you know I don't want to be carrying all
that much around with me in the
summertime so the fact that it carries
my wallet carries my phone carries my
wet one
carries like a lip product or two and
also has sunglasses like I'm okay with
that
I I just I I can't really complain about
that I'll just take a bigger bag if I
need to carry more stuff but I just
really like this right now
and if you want to see mod shots of me
in this you can check out my Instagram I
should be having a blog post of that up
fit up soon
but on my Instagram I do I know for sure
that I have a picture of me wearing this
bag so if you want to see it on me and
also is all over Instagram so you'll I'm
sure you follow somebody who has this
bag and who has posted about it anyway
so this is what's in my bag my
shockingly similar not shockingly
similar but my be released have learned
to the Chloe Dru bag that I wish I could
afford but alas it is expensive I hope
you liked this video if you did then
give a thumbs up and subscribe if you're
new and leave me a comment down below
telling me what your small bag
essentials are because I mean you do
have to pare down you do have to make
some decisions some very important life
decisions on what you're going to carry
in your bag with you that day so I'd
love to hear what your essentials are so
I'm going to go I hope you're having a
great day and I will talk to you guys
very very soon bye